ns.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: OpenActive Modelling Opportunity Data Namespace
permalink: /ns/
---

# OpenActive Modelling Opportunity Data Namespace
For more information, see the [developer site](https://developer.openactive.io/data-model/types/).

## Classes
- [AgentBroker](/AgentBroker)
- [AvailableChannelType](/AvailableChannelType)
- [AwaitingSellerConfirmation](/AwaitingSellerConfirmation)
- [BabyChanging](/BabyChanging)
- [BookingService](/BookingService)
- [BooleanFormFieldSpecification](/BooleanFormFieldSpecification)
- [BrokerType](/BrokerType)
- [CancellationNotPermittedError](/CancellationNotPermittedError)
- [ChangingFacilities](/ChangingFacilities)
- [Creche](/Creche)
- [CustomerAttended](/CustomerAttended)
- [CustomerCancelled](/CustomerCancelled)
- [CustomerRejected](/CustomerRejected)
- [DropdownFormFieldSpecification](/DropdownFormFieldSpecification)
- [DynamicPayment](/DynamicPayment)
- [FacilityUse](/FacilityUse)
- [FemaleOnly](/FemaleOnly)
- [GenderRestrictionType](/GenderRestrictionType)
- [GoneError](/GoneError)
- [HeadlineEvent](/HeadlineEvent)
- [IncompleteAttendeeDetailsError](/IncompleteAttendeeDetailsError)
- [IncompleteBrokerDetailsError](/IncompleteBrokerDetailsError)
- [IncompleteCustomerDetailsError](/IncompleteCustomerDetailsError)
- [IncompleteIntakeFormError](/IncompleteIntakeFormError)
- [IncompleteOrderItemError](/IncompleteOrderItemError)
- [IncompletePaymentDetailsError](/IncompletePaymentDetailsError)
- [IndividualFacilityUse](/IndividualFacilityUse)
- [InvalidAPITokenError](/InvalidAPITokenError)
- [InvalidAuthorizationDetailsError](/InvalidAuthorizationDetailsError)
- [InvalidIntakeFormError](/InvalidIntakeFormError)
- [InvalidOpportunityOrOfferIdError](/InvalidOpportunityOrOfferIdError)
- [InvalidPaymentDetailsError](/InvalidPaymentDetailsError)
- [Lease](/Lease)
- [Lockers](/Lockers)
- [MaleOnly](/MaleOnly)
- [MethodNotAllowedError](/MethodNotAllowedError)
- [MissingPaymentDetailsError](/MissingPaymentDetailsError)
- [NoAPITokenError](/NoAPITokenError)
- [NoBroker](/NoBroker)
- [NoRestriction](/NoRestriction)
- [NotFoundError](/NotFoundError)
- [OfferOverride](/OfferOverride)
- [OnlinePrepayment](/OnlinePrepayment)
- [OnlinePrepayment](/OnlinePrepayment)
- [OpenBookingApproval](/OpenBookingApproval)
- [OpenBookingAttendeeDetails](/OpenBookingAttendeeDetails)
- [OpenBookingError](/OpenBookingError)
- [OpenBookingFlowRequirement](/OpenBookingFlowRequirement)
- [OpenBookingIntakeForm](/OpenBookingIntakeForm)
- [OpenBookingMessageExchange](/OpenBookingMessageExchange)
- [OpenBookingNegotiation](/OpenBookingNegotiation)
- [OpenBookingPrepayment](/OpenBookingPrepayment)
- [OpportunityCapacityIsReservedByLeaseError](/OpportunityCapacityIsReservedByLeaseError)
- [OpportunityHasInsufficientCapacityError](/OpportunityHasInsufficientCapacityError)
- [OpportunityIntractableError](/OpportunityIntractableError)
- [OpportunityIsFullError](/OpportunityIsFullError)
- [OpportunityIsInConflictError](/OpportunityIsInConflictError)
- [OpportunityOfferPairNotBookableError](/OpportunityOfferPairNotBookableError)
- [Optional](/Optional)
- [OrderAlreadyExistsError](/OrderAlreadyExistsError)
- [OrderCreationComplete](/OrderCreationComplete)
- [OrderCreationFailedError](/OrderCreationFailedError)
- [OrderCreationPaymentAuthorized](/OrderCreationPaymentAuthorized)
- [OrderCreationPaymentCaptured](/OrderCreationPaymentCaptured)
- [OrderCreationPaymentDue](/OrderCreationPaymentDue)
- [OrderCreationStatus](/OrderCreationStatus)
- [OrderItemConfirmed](/OrderItemConfirmed)
- [OrderItemIdInvalidError](/OrderItemIdInvalidError)
- [OrderItemNotWithinOrderError](/OrderItemNotWithinOrderError)
- [OrderItemProposed](/OrderItemProposed)
- [OrderItemStatus](/OrderItemStatus)
- [OrderProposalStatus](/OrderProposalStatus)
- [OrderProposalVersionOutdatedError](/OrderProposalVersionOutdatedError)
- [OrderProposal](/OrderProposal)
- [OrderQuote](/OrderQuote)
- [ParagraphFormFieldSpecification](/ParagraphFormFieldSpecification)
- [Parking](/Parking)
- [PartialSchedule](/PartialSchedule)
- [PatchContainsExcessivePropertiesError](/PatchContainsExcessivePropertiesError)
- [PatchNotAllowedOnPropertyError](/PatchNotAllowedOnPropertyError)
- [Payment](/Payment)
- [PrivacyPolicy](/PrivacyPolicy)
- [RequiredStatusType](/RequiredStatusType)
- [Required](/Required)
- [ResellerBroker](/ResellerBroker)
- [ScheduledSession](/ScheduledSession)
- [SellerAccepted](/SellerAccepted)
- [SellerCancelled](/SellerCancelled)
- [SellerMismatchError](/SellerMismatchError)
- [SellerNotFoundError](/SellerNotFoundError)
- [SellerRejected](/SellerRejected)
- [SessionSeries](/SessionSeries)
- [ShortAnswerFormFieldSpecification](/ShortAnswerFormFieldSpecification)
- [Showers](/Showers)
- [Slot](/Slot)
- [TaxChargeSpecification](/TaxChargeSpecification)
- [TaxGross](/TaxGross)
- [TaxMode](/TaxMode)
- [TaxNet](/TaxNet)
- [TelephoneAdvanceBooking](/TelephoneAdvanceBooking)
- [TelephonePrepayment](/TelephonePrepayment)
- [TemporarilyUnableToCreateOrderError](/TemporarilyUnableToCreateOrderError)
- [TemporarilyUnableToDeleteOrderError](/TemporarilyUnableToDeleteOrderError)
- [TemporarilyUnableToProduceOrderQuoteError](/TemporarilyUnableToProduceOrderQuoteError)
- [TemporarilyUnableToUpdateOrderError](/TemporarilyUnableToUpdateOrderError)
- [TermsOfUse](/TermsOfUse)
- [Terms](/Terms)
- [Toilets](/Toilets)
- [TooManyRequestsError](/TooManyRequestsError)
- [TotalPaymentDueMismatchError](/TotalPaymentDueMismatchError)
- [Towels](/Towels)
- [UnableToProcessOrderItemError](/UnableToProcessOrderItemError)
- [UnacceptableOfferError](/UnacceptableOfferError)
- [UnauthenticatedError](/UnauthenticatedError)
- [Unavailable](/Unavailable)
- [UnexpectedOrderTypeError](/UnexpectedOrderTypeError)
- [UnknownOfferError](/UnknownOfferError)
- [UnknownOpportunityError](/UnknownOpportunityError)
- [UnknownOrIncorrectEndpointError](/UnknownOrIncorrectEndpointError)
- [UnknownOrderError](/UnknownOrderError)
- [UnnecessaryPaymentDetailsError](/UnnecessaryPaymentDetailsError)

## Properties
- [accessPass](/accessPass)
- [accessibilityInformation](/accessibilityInformation)
- [accessibilitySupport](/accessibilitySupport)
- [activity](/activity)
- [advanceBooking](/advanceBooking)
- [ageRange](/ageRange)
- [aggregateFacilityUse](/aggregateFacilityUse)
- [allowCustomerCancellationFullRefund](/allowCustomerCancellationFullRefund)
- [attendeeDetailsRequired](/attendeeDetailsRequired)
- [attendeeInstructions](/attendeeInstructions)
- [backgroundImage](/backgroundImage)
- [bookingService](/bookingService)
- [brokerRole](/brokerRole)
- [cancellationMessage](/cancellationMessage)
- [concept](/concept)
- [customerNotice](/customerNotice)
- [facilityUse](/facilityUse)
- [genderRestriction](/genderRestriction)
- [idTemplate](/idTemplate)
- [individualFacilityUse](/individualFacilityUse)
- [instance](/instance)
- [isCoached](/isCoached)
- [latestCancellationBeforeStartDate](/latestCancellationBeforeStartDate)
- [leader](/leader)
- [leaseExpires](/leaseExpires)
- [lease](/lease)
- [level](/level)
- [maximumUses](/maximumUses)
- [meetingPoint](/meetingPoint)
- [openBookingFlowRequirement](/openBookingFlowRequirement)
- [orderCreationStatus](/orderCreationStatus)
- [orderCustomerNote](/orderCustomerNote)
- [orderItemIntakeFormResponse](/orderItemIntakeFormResponse)
- [orderItemIntakeForm](/orderItemIntakeForm)
- [orderProposalStatus](/orderProposalStatus)
- [orderProposalVersion](/orderProposalVersion)
- [orderRequiresApproval](/orderRequiresApproval)
- [orderSellerNote](/orderSellerNote)
- [paymentProviderId](/paymentProviderId)
- [payment](/payment)
- [prepayment](/prepayment)
- [programme](/programme)
- [rate](/rate)
- [remainingUses](/remainingUses)
- [requestId](/requestId)
- [requiresExplicitConsent](/requiresExplicitConsent)
- [scheduledEventType](/scheduledEventType)
- [schedulingNote](/schedulingNote)
- [statusCode](/statusCode)
- [taxCalculationExcluded](/taxCalculationExcluded)
- [taxMode](/taxMode)
- [totalPaymentTax](/totalPaymentTax)
- [unitTaxSpecification](/unitTaxSpecification)
- [validFromBeforeStartDate](/validFromBeforeStartDate)
- [valueOption](/valueOption)

Commit message:

Updating auto-generated namespace documentation: 21 [ci skip]

ns.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: OpenActive Vocabulary
permalink: /ns/
---

# OpenActive Vocabulary

The terms in the OpenActive Vocabulary, listed below, are defined within the [Modelling Opportunity Data](https://www.openactive.io/modelling-opportunity-data/) and [Open Booking API](https://www.openactive.io/open-booking-api/EditorsDraft/) specifications.

These specifications are being developed by the [OpenActive Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/openactive).

For more information, see the [developer site](https://developer.openactive.io/data-model/types/).

## Classes
- [AgentBroker](/AgentBroker)
- [AvailableChannelType](/AvailableChannelType)
- [AwaitingSellerConfirmation](/AwaitingSellerConfirmation)
- [BabyChanging](/BabyChanging)
- [BookingService](/BookingService)
- [BooleanFormFieldSpecification](/BooleanFormFieldSpecification)
- [BrokerType](/BrokerType)
- [CancellationNotPermittedError](/CancellationNotPermittedError)
- [ChangingFacilities](/ChangingFacilities)
- [Creche](/Creche)
- [CustomerAttended](/CustomerAttended)
- [CustomerCancelled](/CustomerCancelled)
- [CustomerRejected](/CustomerRejected)
- [DropdownFormFieldSpecification](/DropdownFormFieldSpecification)
- [DynamicPayment](/DynamicPayment)
- [FacilityUse](/FacilityUse)
- [FemaleOnly](/FemaleOnly)
- [GenderRestrictionType](/GenderRestrictionType)
- [GoneError](/GoneError)
- [HeadlineEvent](/HeadlineEvent)
- [IncompleteAttendeeDetailsError](/IncompleteAttendeeDetailsError)
- [IncompleteBrokerDetailsError](/IncompleteBrokerDetailsError)
- [IncompleteCustomerDetailsError](/IncompleteCustomerDetailsError)
- [IncompleteIntakeFormError](/IncompleteIntakeFormError)
- [IncompleteOrderItemError](/IncompleteOrderItemError)
- [IncompletePaymentDetailsError](/IncompletePaymentDetailsError)
- [IndividualFacilityUse](/IndividualFacilityUse)
- [InvalidAPITokenError](/InvalidAPITokenError)
- [InvalidAuthorizationDetailsError](/InvalidAuthorizationDetailsError)
- [InvalidIntakeFormError](/InvalidIntakeFormError)
- [InvalidOpportunityOrOfferIdError](/InvalidOpportunityOrOfferIdError)
- [InvalidPaymentDetailsError](/InvalidPaymentDetailsError)
- [Lease](/Lease)
- [Lockers](/Lockers)
- [MaleOnly](/MaleOnly)
- [MethodNotAllowedError](/MethodNotAllowedError)
- [MissingPaymentDetailsError](/MissingPaymentDetailsError)
- [NoAPITokenError](/NoAPITokenError)
- [NoBroker](/NoBroker)
- [NoRestriction](/NoRestriction)
- [NotFoundError](/NotFoundError)
- [OfferOverride](/OfferOverride)
- [OnlinePrepayment](/OnlinePrepayment)
- [OnlinePrepayment](/OnlinePrepayment)
- [OpenBookingApproval](/OpenBookingApproval)
- [OpenBookingAttendeeDetails](/OpenBookingAttendeeDetails)
- [OpenBookingError](/OpenBookingError)
- [OpenBookingFlowRequirement](/OpenBookingFlowRequirement)
- [OpenBookingIntakeForm](/OpenBookingIntakeForm)
- [OpenBookingMessageExchange](/OpenBookingMessageExchange)
- [OpenBookingNegotiation](/OpenBookingNegotiation)
- [OpenBookingPrepayment](/OpenBookingPrepayment)
- [OpportunityCapacityIsReservedByLeaseError](/OpportunityCapacityIsReservedByLeaseError)
- [OpportunityHasInsufficientCapacityError](/OpportunityHasInsufficientCapacityError)
- [OpportunityIntractableError](/OpportunityIntractableError)
- [OpportunityIsFullError](/OpportunityIsFullError)
- [OpportunityIsInConflictError](/OpportunityIsInConflictError)
- [OpportunityOfferPairNotBookableError](/OpportunityOfferPairNotBookableError)
- [Optional](/Optional)
- [OrderAlreadyExistsError](/OrderAlreadyExistsError)
- [OrderCreationComplete](/OrderCreationComplete)
- [OrderCreationFailedError](/OrderCreationFailedError)
- [OrderCreationPaymentAuthorized](/OrderCreationPaymentAuthorized)
- [OrderCreationPaymentCaptured](/OrderCreationPaymentCaptured)
- [OrderCreationPaymentDue](/OrderCreationPaymentDue)
- [OrderCreationStatus](/OrderCreationStatus)
- [OrderItemConfirmed](/OrderItemConfirmed)
- [OrderItemIdInvalidError](/OrderItemIdInvalidError)
- [OrderItemNotWithinOrderError](/OrderItemNotWithinOrderError)
- [OrderItemProposed](/OrderItemProposed)
- [OrderItemStatus](/OrderItemStatus)
- [OrderProposalStatus](/OrderProposalStatus)
- [OrderProposalVersionOutdatedError](/OrderProposalVersionOutdatedError)
- [OrderProposal](/OrderProposal)
- [OrderQuote](/OrderQuote)
- [ParagraphFormFieldSpecification](/ParagraphFormFieldSpecification)
- [Parking](/Parking)
- [PartialSchedule](/PartialSchedule)
- [PatchContainsExcessivePropertiesError](/PatchContainsExcessivePropertiesError)
- [PatchNotAllowedOnPropertyError](/PatchNotAllowedOnPropertyError)
- [Payment](/Payment)
- [PrivacyPolicy](/PrivacyPolicy)
- [RequiredStatusType](/RequiredStatusType)
- [Required](/Required)
- [ResellerBroker](/ResellerBroker)
- [ScheduledSession](/ScheduledSession)
- [SellerAccepted](/SellerAccepted)
- [SellerCancelled](/SellerCancelled)
- [SellerMismatchError](/SellerMismatchError)
- [SellerNotFoundError](/SellerNotFoundError)
- [SellerRejected](/SellerRejected)
- [SessionSeries](/SessionSeries)
- [ShortAnswerFormFieldSpecification](/ShortAnswerFormFieldSpecification)
- [Showers](/Showers)
- [Slot](/Slot)
- [TaxChargeSpecification](/TaxChargeSpecification)
- [TaxGross](/TaxGross)
- [TaxMode](/TaxMode)
- [TaxNet](/TaxNet)
- [TelephoneAdvanceBooking](/TelephoneAdvanceBooking)
- [TelephonePrepayment](/TelephonePrepayment)
- [TemporarilyUnableToCreateOrderError](/TemporarilyUnableToCreateOrderError)
- [TemporarilyUnableToDeleteOrderError](/TemporarilyUnableToDeleteOrderError)
- [TemporarilyUnableToProduceOrderQuoteError](/TemporarilyUnableToProduceOrderQuoteError)
- [TemporarilyUnableToUpdateOrderError](/TemporarilyUnableToUpdateOrderError)
- [TermsOfUse](/TermsOfUse)
- [Terms](/Terms)
- [Toilets](/Toilets)
- [TooManyRequestsError](/TooManyRequestsError)
- [TotalPaymentDueMismatchError](/TotalPaymentDueMismatchError)
- [Towels](/Towels)
- [UnableToProcessOrderItemError](/UnableToProcessOrderItemError)
- [UnacceptableOfferError](/UnacceptableOfferError)
- [UnauthenticatedError](/UnauthenticatedError)
- [Unavailable](/Unavailable)
- [UnexpectedOrderTypeError](/UnexpectedOrderTypeError)
- [UnknownOfferError](/UnknownOfferError)
- [UnknownOpportunityError](/UnknownOpportunityError)
- [UnknownOrIncorrectEndpointError](/UnknownOrIncorrectEndpointError)
- [UnknownOrderError](/UnknownOrderError)
- [UnnecessaryPaymentDetailsError](/UnnecessaryPaymentDetailsError)

## Properties
- [accessPass](/accessPass)
- [accessibilityInformation](/accessibilityInformation)
- [accessibilitySupport](/accessibilitySupport)
- [activity](/activity)
- [advanceBooking](/advanceBooking)
- [ageRange](/ageRange)
- [aggregateFacilityUse](/aggregateFacilityUse)
- [allowCustomerCancellationFullRefund](/allowCustomerCancellationFullRefund)
- [attendeeDetailsRequired](/attendeeDetailsRequired)
- [attendeeInstructions](/attendeeInstructions)
- [backgroundImage](/backgroundImage)
- [bookingService](/bookingService)
- [brokerRole](/brokerRole)
- [cancellationMessage](/cancellationMessage)
- [concept](/concept)
- [customerNotice](/customerNotice)
- [facilityUse](/facilityUse)
- [genderRestriction](/genderRestriction)
- [idTemplate](/idTemplate)
- [individualFacilityUse](/individualFacilityUse)
- [instance](/instance)
- [isCoached](/isCoached)
- [latestCancellationBeforeStartDate](/latestCancellationBeforeStartDate)
- [leader](/leader)
- [leaseExpires](/leaseExpires)
- [lease](/lease)
- [level](/level)
- [maximumUses](/maximumUses)
- [meetingPoint](/meetingPoint)
- [openBookingFlowRequirement](/openBookingFlowRequirement)
- [orderCreationStatus](/orderCreationStatus)
- [orderCustomerNote](/orderCustomerNote)
- [orderItemIntakeFormResponse](/orderItemIntakeFormResponse)
- [orderItemIntakeForm](/orderItemIntakeForm)
- [orderProposalStatus](/orderProposalStatus)
- [orderProposalVersion](/orderProposalVersion)
- [orderRequiresApproval](/orderRequiresApproval)
- [orderSellerNote](/orderSellerNote)
- [paymentProviderId](/paymentProviderId)
- [payment](/payment)
- [prepayment](/prepayment)
- [programme](/programme)
- [rate](/rate)
- [remainingUses](/remainingUses)
- [requestId](/requestId)
- [requiresExplicitConsent](/requiresExplicitConsent)
- [scheduledEventType](/scheduledEventType)
- [schedulingNote](/schedulingNote)
- [statusCode](/statusCode)
- [taxCalculationExcluded](/taxCalculationExcluded)
- [taxMode](/taxMode)
- [totalPaymentTax](/totalPaymentTax)
- [unitTaxSpecification](/unitTaxSpecification)
- [validFromBeforeStartDate](/validFromBeforeStartDate)
- [valueOption](/valueOption)
